> "Throughout the design process, we need to explore deeply and widely what is happening, determine the root cause of the issue, consider what ideas and resources exist already that we can re-use and build from, and develop a bold and hopeful vision of what the future might look like. As designers, we must reflect on our own position, and actively draw in perspectives that are different from ours, including those which have historically been marginalised.
-- https://www.designcouncil.org.uk/our-resources/systemic-design-framework/

## Activities

- [[Landscape Review]] | *Dig into the existing system. Review the approach and relevant elements of your project. How have previous structures and frameworks come about? What assumptions are they based on?*
- [[Stakeholder Interviews]] | *Gather different types of knowledge from people with different perspectives, particularly marginalised voices (for example, expert opinion and evidence, spatial data, different types of lived experience, knowledge of materials and learning from nature, an understanding of the power and relationships within the system).*
- [[Systems Mapping]] | Explore how things connect and are related through processes such as systems mapping, supply chain analysis and circular flows. Seek to understand the ‘invisible’ things too: power, relationships, purpose.
- [[SWOT Analysis]] | *Identify opportunities. Map or scan for new technology as well as existing materials or assets including work that has previously been forgotten, overlooked or underused.*
- [[Prototyping]] | *Start with making: create a prototype both to test if something works and to reveal the system around it (for example, the relationships, power dynamics or resistance to change).*