> Creating a series of different actions and ideas that can connect with other interventions and help designers move towards a bigger goal. Some can be small practical steps and others can be big audacious ideas that might never happen but will help people reimagine what might be possible. This is about thinking big.
-- https://www.designcouncil.org.uk/our-resources/systemic-design-framework/

## Activities

- [[Ideation]] | *Create a portfolio of interventions. Generate ideas at different layers of the system:*
	- *specific products, services and places - policies, regulations or standards*  
	- *narratives or cultural mindsets*
- [[Partnerships]] | You might not be able to develop and deliver all of these ideas but you can look to create relationships with people who can.
- [[Iteration]] | *Adopt a circular mindset: re-use existing material, fuse existing interventions, think about what might grow from the ideas you create. Ask ‘if this, then what else?’*
- [[Divergent Thinking]] | *Allow bold, radical or provocative ideas that might not be the answer but prompt bigger questions and invite further innovation.*
- [[Prioritization]] | Create exercises to prioritise which actions are most valuable in shifting towards a more regenerative world. These can be seemingly small things that have a big impact. For example:
	- a specific leverage point, for example a rule or target (for example, net zero), or a wave of a new way of thinking (for example, veganism) that disrupts the status quo
	- something that brings to life the larger vision you are trying to achieve
	- a platform that attracts and brings together other people who are also doing similar things.