> "How you start your work will determine the outcome. To achieve a sustainable, fair and just society together, we must be able to radically rethink our world.
> Complex environmental and social challenges are not static: they can’t simply be ‘fixed’. Rather than seeing your work as a ‘problem and solution’, you should start with a hopeful vision of what you want to achieve, and develop a clear mission from that.  
> It is important to begin your project in a positive, values-driven way. Making sure these are shared across partners is crucial. Spending time with team members and stakeholders at the outset to build trust allows you to collectively return to these values throughout the process.
-- https://www.designcouncil.org.uk/our-resources/systemic-design-framework/

## Activities

- [[Developing Mutual Trust & Understanding]] see [[Tuckman's Stages of Group Development]] | *Create or understand people’s personal connection to this work. Ask ‘why are we all here?’ and allow the answers to drive the project.*
- [[Context]] | *Understand the bigger system in which your work sits. Consider the history, the societal values and assumptions of the system in which you  are working.*
- [[Optimistic Challenge]] | *Create a hopeful vision that everyone can aim for. Do so in clearly defined and shared terms and language, for example by drawing from the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals.*
- [[Values]] | Develop a set of values and design principles to guide your work or reframe how you see the work. You could start with the six principles we have suggested.
- [[Stakeholder Mapping]] | Consider how you could treat nature as a stakeholder in the project and how you can create experiences through which people can connect to nature.
- [[Measure what Matters]] | *Understand what you need to value, measure, or notice to show that change is happening – environmentally, socially and culturally.*