> "Systemic design is hard work, is never finished, and requires tenacity and hope. It is easier to do with allies. Relationship building happens throughout the design process and is as important as the design itself. It is about building empathy and bringing in the perspectives of all involved in the work: stakeholders, communities and mother nature herself. This work is about creating trust and shared understanding, building confidence for others to imagine and create, and joining the dots between disparate organisations that could work together in new ways. Acting as translators and mediators, designers connect people across a project in a way that is perhaps not immediately quantifiable but undoubtedly vital, and provides value way beyond the project itself.
-- https://www.designcouncil.org.uk/our-resources/systemic-design-framework/

## Activities 
- [ ] [[Community Engagement]] | *Spend time with communities on their terms, ensuring they have a voice and power in the process.* *Use a variety of engagement methods:*
	- [ ] co-design,
	- [ ] co-production,
	- [ ] charettes,
	- [ ] open dialogue, etc.
- [ ] [[Stakeholder Mapping]] | *Map all your stakeholders (human and natural) and understand what value they might gain from the work. Bring in people and natural resources from within and outside the system.*
- [ ] Making Inclusive Space | *Create inclusive spaces where people have equal power and a shared language.*
- [ ] [[Partnerships]] & [[Collaborative Platforms]] | *Imagine and assemble new partnerships, create platforms where people and nature can come together to share ideas and build trust.*
- [ ] [[Knowledge Sharing]] | *Share skills and networks with others.*